to die
How dare you beat the emperor!
Did I let you talk?
presumptuous
The king of earth fissure comes in
you
Don't hit me
You can't defend Kaixianyu, how dare you be arrogant
Haven't been beaten enough yet?
If you don't kill this kid today
I swear not to be robbed and humiliated by others
Bunch of trash
What do you think you can do if you take my magic weapon?
This is impossible
You have confessed
This is my magic weapon
Hahaha, little cutie, I really read it wrong.
Ah!
emperor
Kill, he's crazy to the Son of Heaven
Immediately killed 6 celestial daughters
Let him hold on and it will be a great success
Yang Fan is forcing me
Immediately execute 6 thousand troops no no
originally
Never in my life
Hahahahaha